refactor docs page (#6860)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/documentation.md

> title: "Documentation"

Reviewer: Should we change the sidebar title to "About documentation" or something similar to further distinguish it from the "View documentation" option on the sidebar?

Author: yea good shout!

> title: "Documentation"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "About documentation"
```

## Overview

dbt provides a scalable way to [generate](#generating-documentation) documentation for your dbt project using descriptions and commands. The documentation for your project includes:
* **Information about your project**: including model code, a DAG of your project, any tests you've added to a column, and more.
* **Information about your <Term id="data-warehouse" />**: including column data types, and <Term id="table" /> sizes. This information is generated by running queries against the information schema.
* Importantly, dbt also provides a way to add **descriptions** to models, columns, sources, and more, to further enhance your documentation.

The following sections describe how to [add descriptions](#adding-descriptions-to-your-project) to your project, [generate documentation](#generating-documentation), how to use [docs blocks](#using-docs-blocks), and set a [custom overview](#setting-a-custom-overview) for your documentation.

## Adding descriptions to your project

> Before generating documentation, you'll need to add descriptions to your project resources.

Author: ```suggestion
Before generating documentation, you'll need to add [descriptions](/reference/resource-properties/description) to your project resources.
```

> Before generating documentation, you'll need to add [descriptions](/reference/resource-properties/description) to your project resources.

Reviewer: We could combine the two to increase readability:
```suggestion
Before generating documentation, add [descriptions](/reference/resource-properties/description) to your project resources. Add the `description:` key to the same YAML files where you declare [tests](/docs/build/data-tests). For example:
```

Author: ooo nice sugg!

> To add descriptions to your project, use the `description:` key in the same files where you declare [tests](/docs/build/data-tests), like so:

Reviewer: See above
```suggestion
```

          - not_null

```
</File>

### FAQs
<FAQ path="Project/example-projects" alt_header="Are there any example dbt documentation sites?"/>
<FAQ path="Docs/document-all-columns" />
<FAQ path="Docs/long-descriptions" />
<FAQ path="Docs/sharing-documentation" />
<FAQ path="Docs/document-other-resources" />

## Generating documentation

Generate documentation for your project by following these steps:

1. Run the `dbt docs generate` [command](/reference/commands/cmd-docs#dbt-docs-generate) to compile relevant information about your dbt project and warehouse into `manifest.json` and `catalog.json` files, respectively. 
2. Ensure you've created the models with `dbt run` or `dbt build` to view the documentation for all columns, not just those described in your project.
3. Run the `dbt docs serve` [command](/reference/commands/cmd-docs#dbt-docs-serve) if you're developing locally to use these `.json` files to populate a local website.

> After adding descriptions and generating documentation, dbt provides two complementary ways to [view documentation](/docs/build/view-documentation):

Reviewer: Great change! I think we can open fast with the selling point
```suggestion
dbt provides two complementary ways to [view documentation](/docs/build/view-documentation), and your descriptions, after it's generated:
```

> - [**dbt Docs**:](/docs/build/view-documentation#dbt-docs) A static documentation site with model lineage, metadata, and documentation that can be hosted on S3, Netlify, or your own web server. Available on dbt Core or dbt Cloud Developer plans.

Reviewer: Suggest moving those small bits so it doesn't read like we provide those solutions
```suggestion
- [**dbt Docs**:](/docs/build/view-documentation#dbt-docs) A static documentation site with model lineage, metadata, and documentation that can be hosted on your web server (like S3 or Netlify). Available for dbt Core or dbt Cloud Developer plans.
```

- [**dbt Explorer**](/docs/collaborate/explore-projects): Builds upon dbt Docs to provide a dynamic, real-time interface with enhanced metadata, customizable views, deeper project insights, and collaboration tools. Available on dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise plans.

> For more details on how to view documentation, see [View documentation](/docs/build/view-documentation).

Reviewer: This is an awesome page, you should sell it!
```suggestion
See [View documentation](/docs/build/view-documentation) to get the most out of your dbt project's documentation.
```

## Using docs blocks

> Docs blocks can contain arbitrary markdown, but they must be uniquely named. 

Reviewer: Let's hype them up a bit
```suggestion
Docs blocks provide a robust method for documenting models and other resources using Jinja and markdown. Docs block files can contain arbitrary markdown, but they must be uniquely named. 
```

### Syntax

> To declare a docs block, use the jinja `docs` tag. Their names may contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a docs block, use the Jinja `docs` tag. Their names may contain:
```

> - uppercase and lowercase letters (A-Z, a-z)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uppercase and lowercase letters (A-Z, a-z)
```

> - digits (0-9)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Digits (0-9) after the first character (can't start with them).
```

> - underscores (_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Underscores (_)
```

> - can't start with a digit.

Reviewer: Suggest moving this up
```suggestion
```
